DOCSP-38465 Funtion run and users list CLI updates (#744)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/cli/appservices-function.txt

Related Commands
----------------

> * :ref:`appservices-function-list` - List the Functions of your app

Reviewer: "Functions _of_ your app" reads weird to me
```suggestion
* :ref:`appservices-function-list` - List the Functions defined in your app
```
or maybe "defined _for_ your app"?
